Well, but almost, what does this human limb look like under that?
For shine, does this not?
Half-by-light, right?
Well, do you know the first 200 of the demons?
No, I did not.
Did you have a final one, Charlie?
That's that.
Did you know anything?
Yes.
When you look at the one of Babypixembrech's seven feet,
you tell them what the...
...determination of what?
Remember, and as you put it on the spot.
Anything.
What's the same thing?
But I've not asked.
Does it matter?
And does it tell me the same thing?
And we expect to the ones of December 21, 1953?
It's a subject matter.
It's a subject matter of every one of those cars that have a gen shine.
Is the subject matter of these cars that have a gen shine?
That's not the subject matter.
That's not the way I determine where it's valid.
It's the subject matter of the entire membrane.
And the next membrane, too, is the file for the famous human.
Are you expecting the 27th, 26th?
Yes.
I think your partner was the friend of December 21,
left.
That had five powers left, and it's going to miss the shine.
And your wife is talking about an ass clock.
December 21, I left the ass clock.
That's the one that has five powers left, and it's going to shine.
But the subject matter of every one of those cars that have a gen shine.
That's not the way I'm going to say it.
That's it.
Is it January 9?
The thing's going to fly.
Is that right?
Yes.
And January 14th.
Yeah.
We're in up here.
We'll move to the...
Anyone listening to your questions with a phone, that...
That could not have been the same subject matter.
I know the few people that left the man on earth,
who tried to deceive anyone.
Don't share that.
I wonder if he would not make it clearer that all of the membrane
that has to do with the...
The strength of the pressure to call, please, and the segregation.
But I think this should do that for the record.
That is, I think, as far as the committee is concerned.
May I direct your attention to the one day of January 15th, 1954?
That's very short, isn't it, Mr. Dishon?
Yes.
And I think this is maybe one of these very huge 60s young atoms
in a friendly way.
I've tried to give Lady Roy pretty much lately
on my hostage situation.
They get pretty heated before a royal bias aligns
but it's going to lead to trouble.
With the specific matter of grab, I just feel...
I've been here.
It might be due in Smith's arm on this list,
even the sentence that came to that nightside and sit in this hole.
And you can tell by looking at it that it belongs
on this special file of yours.
I read it in black.
Yes.
Now when you're looking to one day this month,
11th, 1954,
is that indicated to you on that day?
I think it was.
Right.
But it turns right by you on that day.
Not on the run.
It was tight by me up there, not on that company.
Well, one of the other works is not as easy.
It was either dictated or found by not later than March 11th.
Yes, it was tight, not later than March 11th.
That's right.
Well, no, I can't tell you that now.
It may just be some of these times of day
on which they were dictated even though they never been tight
until it was fixed day.
But my roommate has a date on which they were active tight.
I can't tell you that.
Yes.
I think we understand each other.
When you see the date here, we do.
When you see the date March 11th, that means
that it was either dictated or not made
or charged or charged or not made.
Is that correct?
dictated on that day are charged and charged to that day.
That's right.
That's what it is.
It was tight on March 11th, whether dictated or not.
No, that's not necessarily true.
You need new might as well.
I might have dated it today, it was dictated.
I can't tell you now.
I see even though you can't tell it's the next day.
I may have twisted the date one, but it'll be ready
when we buy a phone, one or two at three days in any event.
I think so.
Now, because I read one sentence of that,
remember I had to tell you about the middle of the sentence.
Do you see a sentence beginning about in the middle of a sentence
of the incarcerated advisory district?
Do you see that?
Yes.
Now, we ask you, do you see the incarcerated advisory district?
The writer was searching for files for a memory
and a dictated concerning time.
Were you titled, when you are dictated that to you?
For that time?
Yes.
No.
Well, did you think during the Chicago look,
no further, I've got them all,
and look at the little package here you ever saw.
Ah, that's it, isn't it?
Well, did you tell them it's just what's going on?
Just a laugh.
Could you tell them it?
Of course, that didn't.
Well, it's just what's going on.
When you had them all together, wasn't it?
Well, 13.
So you were having them all together, didn't you?
I'm not going to tell me because it's very, very silly.
I don't know.
I've got them all together.
Maybe I'm over the line.
This is just what it all is.
But you were having them all together, didn't you?
Maybe I over the line.
But you had what you got here together, didn't you, not?
That's the time of this memory and the dictated here.
Well, I can tell you that.
I don't know.
Well, I don't know what time of date this memory
and the dictated.
So, moving quickly, hold us.
You put them here every time they came along.
While you had it all in this nice packing,
there's only one over it all.
On my bed, you'll be in peace.
We helped them.
We just found them.
Where are they?
Yeah.
I don't mind, just a rough tackling this script,
but it's up to a certain point.
Two of us, we showed off, you know,
that even though it's electric,
my hand name was Bile.
But he may decide to search further
for additional information.
And I haven't.
It's just that from objecting,
when the heckling has been of my man on the sand,
nothing we've been a young lady here.
She should be given the usual courtesy,
and most of us, I'm sure, well,
knows there's nothing unusual.
I'm Mr. Carr, and today I will search further
for additional information.
I've said that this,
the only way to a thousand times myself
has been asking for power.
Mr. Carr, I have nothing to offer.
I have nothing but admiration from Mr. Riftville.
I cannot concede from the stoneter
of that I have the deepest suspicion
about the genuine of these memorandums.
And how do you deny my questioner?
May I hold your distance, Mr. Riftville?
Did you ever find a single memorandum
to hide the red file?
After Mr. Carr gets here, that too.
Now that question is well,
if you're confused with me.
Well, I do not know, just on the day
this memorandum was dictated.
I can't tell you, brother,
at the moment it was dictated,
I have all these changes together.
To tell you, dictated,
this is the minute every morning.
Maybe I didn't get this together
until afternoon.
You asked me if I had them,
all the jays and all of them
it's the time.
This is dictated.
I can't tell you that,
but, I can't remember.
You can't have this alone for a long time.
But I could not just have like,
there are no places like here.
So, let me go.
I'm going to send this to my left.
Yes, that's both.
I'm going to send it to you.
Mr. Cameraman, I'd like to present this place to you.
For some time we have known,
been around at one person dictated,
the memorandum.
And there's been great interest in the memorandum.
I would like to ask the chairman,
if an executive session or any other time,
there's been any investigation of the memorandum
to stand for a time,
the memorandum up,
but the flight flight is in the office.
Perhaps Mr. Jenkins could answer that,
rather than you could.
So, I think it's the question the Ruby has.
So, we might go up to her right up now.
Maybe a question you have to adjust to the council,
because the chair has never seen these memorandums.
Absolutely, in the present time.
The idea here is in the first time in the given.
501 is 50 years,
well, specifically, I am at,
and based on the knowledge,
it's important for this memorandum.
In the fact that I had been told before,
I've been dictated only for the big takers
that have taken only by one person.
That's been confirmed by this track of lady now on the sand.
Now, I might go ahead and ask if it's been any effort
on the board of the council to check the memorandum,
the originals against any of the thankfuliders in the office,
but I know, obviously, that I just want to make the record clear.
So, there are findings in the form of these good old friends,
from 50 weeks ago, Mr. Thompson,
and I have these of my staff on here with Mr. Robert Coyer
of my staff,
right through the office question that this goes,
I think, with that time,
as I remember that Mr. fiscal took all of the dictations.
She was told at that time by Mr. Sue that they were tied
to on the different machines,
and that they were tied at the time they would be stated
our shirt as air here within a day or two there.
In addition to that, Mr. Thomas Coyer went to the residence.
I remember Senator McCarthy's staff, Mr. Levinion,
and Mr. Levinion, Mr. Levinion about these memorandums.
I'm Mr. Levinion,
Vice-Payton's Commissioner of Coyer,
fixing the Bay outter for aberrating the unmediated,
such a bad idea today.
I do not think it's proper Senator Simon,
and for me to tell you what the conclusions were reached,
I come through a reference to these memorandums,
but I have discussed these memorandums with Mr. Welch
of the Army on more than one occasion.
I have not shown the original memorandum to him
because it was a valid result.
The conditions that the restos memorandums were delivered to me,
there has been no document experts
with saying the exempted memorandums are to compare
with the machines upon which they have been prepared.
Senator McClellan, have I answered your questions for you or not?
I think it's just...
I'm Senator McClellan, I have a question.
I just want to ask this question.
I have to make a statement.
I do not know anything to respect the Mr. Levinius
of transmission in the matter nor at this time for me to I care.
But in spite of the wisdom here,
this Christ certain that she has...
has taken the dictation on all these memorandums,
but she has very uncertain with respect
against what type of writers were used.
I say that in no criticism.
I was wondering if the council checked the memorandum again
to type the writers in the standards office.
And I said that if it was done, that's what I would like to know.
And if it wasn't done, that is also what I was trying to do.
That's not true, I think it is.
I think it is Council for answering the questions very well.
On the pilot, it's just a little bit.
Wait, I...
Uh...
I'm sorry.
I'm too low.
I am too low.
Mary, just to clarify one thing here.
I believe you told the committee today,
and I think it's amazing it told us the title,
that when these memorandum were shown to the cut,
at that time, and I think...
I was in that period of two or three days,
and I think one was sent all the time
that there's Satan of the Defense Department,
that you and other girls in the office
reach high.
Uh, copies, and make numerous sets of copies.
Is that right?
And I think you saw them that,
when you reassembled this file, you could not say,
under your oath, that each copy in here
was the original made back at the time that it was picked up.
Is that right?
That's not that.
In other words, some of the first copies here
might be the first copy on retypes,
which you or the other girls in the office made,
from the original memorandum on March 11th and 12th,
and during those two hectic days.
I'm not sure the question.
Who else?
Who else again?
You think that the memorandum that you have
before you weren't even written by you?
I applied that on me.
I can't tell you that they were the ones
tight in the original instance.
Any of them?
I can't tell you five to me now.
Well, I thought, Mr. Fitz over on me too long,
but I thought that you,
who you think is the first memorandum you open to file
and put the memorandum in the set, right?
Please turn the head.
Please.
Right.
And similarly, when the second memorandum
got tight, it was easy.
That's right.
And that will be true with two all of them.
Actually, all of them within the area
were the same and they were tight.
That's right.
And you, all of them,
they exhibit this or the time to end
in the calling exhibitum to file
to the file, as you know.
Okay.
And the file will remain in this file.
So, these, they, the memorandum,
were removed from the file and copied
first and have the picture track copied.
You need to tell all of the rest of them
with the written out of the copies
for all of them in the first and the first release.
So we tighten in the office?
Yeah.
And we have the problem with the document.
The picture roll of the pictures was not
made as I believe in the past year.
If we didn't have enough copies
for all of the parts we had,
oh, I forget I think pictures,
seven copies were up in the blank.
For the first, I have to be fast
to get copies in the memorandum's
minifrush, I'll make it not get
to the memorandum you've had,
a bit of time.
I'll leave pictures, seven copies.
Okay.
We'll have to be careful.
Well, let's get that,
get going.
Go on your attention.
Yeah, think that there was one of
these documents that I've picked on.
If I can fix your signs,
it'll make you feel great.
I have been informed that there was
an embankment chart.
A copy.
You know just how many copies were made?
If you know people that they were handed
to the child in any form.
I don't know.
If any copies were made,
a lot for a major they're not.
What do you mean by a lot?
All of these are made to one shot at least.
Well, you can't make those pictures
that are reasonable.
If you were sure they are all of these
but they are reasonable,
what would you do?
Yeah.
How many can you make on an electric
machine that are reasonable on the screen paper?
Sixty seven.
At least that.
I think it's a lot of stuff.
I believe the witness has picked up seven.
You didn't want to misplace the sexual identity.
It's not easy for me to hear you with it.
I said six or seven.
Eight, eight minimum minimums.
I would say,
was the original file exhibited as a press?
I was not even there,
Mr. Rouse, I don't know.
Was the original file when you assembled?
It was me,
this file was reassembled.
After the press was left and all that equipment
had been moved out and the whole thing was over.
What was given to the press?
I don't know.
I wasn't in the front.
The doctor came to Compton to see me out.
What was prepared to the press?
Compton's been beaten around all the way to the paper.
So I don't know.
This time,
maybe the carbon-zons didn't take them.
Maybe they were all made on thin paper.
I don't know.
No, the ground can do attention once more.
It's a car's memorandum.
The martial labum fits into the lab.
Come on.
Did you see him searching the file for these memorandums?
Do I seem it's the time during that?
Yes.
No, I did not.
You know where they're at?
Maybe if sometimes the sub-adjustes
might be the style of yours.
I got the file from Mr. Cough.
Oh, not Mr. Cough,
but you got it for the senator.
I got it.
Yeah, I didn't.
Can I get another question from the emergency smile?
I want another question.
Where?
Looks like I like to know the hell it ran away.
I'll figure it out and replace it.
When did you get the file?
This is the file.
I like to know the thread.
I've taken it and asked it again.
Mr. Cough, when did you on that day
get the file that you had in the courtroom today?
So I don't know.
I don't know the hour.
Okay.
No, no, no.
It's all at the Wednesday morning or after noon.
So Mr. Cough,
where did you tell Mr. Cough that you had this file that you were produced here?
I think I even told Mr. Cough that I think Mr. Cough is the type of the answer you get to file.
And it's probably 3 pm.
I don't recall as detail altogether.
Oh, it was the same from the file office again.
Right.
Now, can't you tell us,
this is just the last time of the day,
it was that you handed that to us.
No, I can't.
Can you tell us what time of day the girls had you played
or the file apart and make copies?
I don't think that's the case.
You can tell us the names of the girls who made the copies.
No, I can tell you the names of the girls.
That's what it'll tell us the ones who made the copies.
Oh, I can't do that.
Mr. Cough, I don't know.
You don't know that.
Did you make any of them?
I think our fathers did that once in a while.
Okay, I can't tell you guys.
No, I can't.
Any girl who made any of those copies, they're sure.
This is the one.
What?
Yeah.
Power off the front of the triangle,
five, six, seven thousand letters a day.
We can't ask this young lady to remember.
Who wrote a particular letter who copied a particular memorandum?
A month ago, Mr. Welk knows that.
This is an obvious attempt to try and brow these 15 letters.
The triangle.
The woman with the funny.
This is an obvious attempt to try to brow these 15 letters.
And they're giving an answer, which you know if you can't hear,
she can't possibly know who's typed any particular letter,
any particular document she's busy from early morning until late at night,
knowing a tremendous job.
And one letter,
you know this,
even in your office, you can't.
One letter and all, which is a proof letter for particular letters.
Mr. Chairman, I would like to say in my office,
I'm sure you're liking it again because the dictation marks the right on us,
as they should be unanywhere to write off us.
Don't you put dictation marks on the letter you write for the television?
I'm the letter you need to need to put it out of your way,
but I know I remember it.
I was determined that I'd throw another letter.
The last thing I was waiting to do was to resolve these papers with Mr. Welk.
I do not wish to come to you from any one of your rooms
that I have greatest suspicions about the office,
because of the European memorandum.
And I think I must now have to be thankful to the committee
that people will be getting out of the hang of them,
and to do an export and a gamble in the next quarter,
because they're in place, and they're offering a lot of justice.
I'd like to do that, Mr. Chairman.
I do that, Mr. Welk, with Warren.
If you get evidence to see his memorandum and all the public,
the committee should have it.
The D.F. not be sure to miss that by...
How are we, unpropern,
when the makes mistakes are about having any evidence to back it up,
and he knows the stuff proves.
I think he should be torn, they don't ask for anything else.
If any of these are in there, they're not opening.
Mr. Chairman, the land that's been Mr. Welk,
he has now a fiscal challenge for the committee.
To retain the service of his obivocuments experts,
and to turn these memorandum over to that document,
I'm sorry, examination,
and he reports that the result of his examination is that correct, Mr. Welk.
I was a little in the tent, it could have that hurt.
The land is then, if you have now reflected me as a council for the committee,
to retain the service of his obivocuments experts,
and to turn these memorandum over to a document expert,
I'm sorry, examination,
and I'm sorry, a report has to their authenticity, is that correct?
I make that the written suggestion,
I say to my current name, Mr. Cohn,
the exact thing is council, apparently, part of me is just Cohn.
I'm Mr. Cohn, do I understand you just say that you have no objection to that,
whatever?
I sure I tell, but I would say this.
I think that Senator McCarthy is absolutely correct.
I've been in a court room not for too many years, long enough to recognize things like this,
and I think it's Mr. Welk's high-level evidence
that committee should have it under oath justice,
I've been made to come forward, and everyone else has.
I'm in any issue like this, and take the oath,
and be subjected to examination and court examination.
Otherwise, Mr. Welk's lead us, make a loud charge there with no patience for it,
and leave an erroneous impression with the public.
When the issue about the picture came up, I was put right on the stand,
and saved my testimony under oath I was led to.
Another thing like that, and I'm sure that Mr. Welk's would be willing to do exactly the same thing here.
The evidence is wrong, let's speak the record straight.
Let me check it.
The record is taken to the chairman, man.
The executive has to go.
The Zionist and Mr. Welk's best statement is that he has sufficient,
and that is as far as he has known,
there is a spectrally often to the of these documents.
And the Zionist and Mr. Koolney's statement
has no objections to me following the prestigious adjacent Madness to Welk's.
Sure, I would say this.
Mr. Welk, I don't know whether he meant to or not,
has created the inflection of Leapton, my mind,
but he wants people to think he has some information,
or he has some knowledge, the seat number, and not all many.
He has not stood so long, he has merely stated,
let's make early on, come to the meeting.
Within the last few minutes, Mr. Gerrard,
he has his restrictions with respect.
The occupancy of these documents.
Mr. Gerrard, the executive, which you are recognizing from this news time,
Mr. Aga, I understand Mr. Chairman,
such a request has been made by Council for the Army,
Mr. Steven Smith-Hattis.
Mr. Koon has exceeded to that request.
May I ask the senator from Wisconsin whether or not
the interposes of the objectives of the report?
Please don't take it in the next session to the request, Mr. Jenkins.
I say first, I think Senator McCarthy is absolutely right.
Let's do a lot of many hints as there,
let's get into Welk's under oath.
I have faced publicly here for all the gear I am seeing,
and I present the same people who are listening to me as
just listening to Mr. Welk.
That Mr. Welk has not stated that he has any evidence,
or any grounds upon which the basis is sufficient.
I'm arrived Mr. Welk.
Nothing except what has been said in this room.
Mr. Chairman.
So glad your presence,
let's look all around on the introduction to
having me document the shaman by an expert
help with the number of me I say this.
Mr. Jenkins knows the Chair knows that when we have had
the sessions, we have not aired them,
and talked about them with answers to Jenkins to call the witnesses.
Now, Mr. Welk has stated that he has got the physicians.
That means to the jury,
when the jury, to the American people,
that means for the jury to Mr. Welk,
is telling them that there's something to make.
The effect is there's something not genuine about the document.
Mr. Chairman, we have carefully avoided anything like that.
We've asked the Chair to call the witnesses
and executive questions when we have the sessions.
Now, it's Mr. Welk.
There's no information, no evidence of any kind.
Then he said to the Honour's enough to tell us that
he's an effect to choosing this young lady here
of the jury.
That's what he's doing before the microphone.
He's saying I've got the physicians.
Let's hear what those suspicions are placed upon.
I know a little about these memorandum documents,
which is just what he testified on her role.
And it's just so well done.
And I know he's a very great clever to the lawyer.
If he wants to do the science, tell the American people.
That means he knows something about these documents
that will indicate they are not genuine.
Then he should raise his right hand,
go down here in the whippedest stand,
and tell us why he dares to accuse this young lady of purchasing.
That's what he's doing.
With the time when he should be required to do that,
I'm getting off.
We've picked away down deep inside of these innuenders.
These charges without saying as much.
But someone is dishonor, someone is doing something improper.
Now this man wealth has.
He has just now, there's no question about it.
We try to face the impression of the young lady
of the jury.
Let's have him take the stand.
Let's have him take the oath.
Let's cross the ground on him.
Let's our jury of American people.
See that he has nothing, absolutely nothing.
Who, on which to face this unreasonable,
and if I say Mr. Welch,
this is just harmous charge against this young lady.
With the chairman's reckoning.
The jury composed of the American audience
that frankly has the same evidence
on which to face any suspicion it might have.
As it has been,
as Mr. Welch and the biblical,
Mr. Welch has stated publicly here
that his suspicions are his and his along apparently
and that they are based on the documents themselves
and what he has heard here this afternoon.
Mr. Welch, this is very much Senator.
Yes, ma'am.
That's right.
Mr. Welch, when you're talking to me,
I say that it's a primer to make the statement.
I suspect that some of them being guilty of surgery.
This year, I would have rightfully saw
that it would take the family immediately.
And let me cross the ground on him.
Mr. Welch has gotten milder this now for four or five times.
I think now we should know.
We should know whether there's any places to face this fact.
For these social suspicions,
when there's no reason why he shouldn't get down there,
it is right now, Mr. Warren,
the coffee time on the same as any other witness,
is coffee time.
Mr. Chairman, I'd desire to make this one further statement.
Mr. Chairman?
And I hesitate to make it a little while ago,
and I hear in a scene saying,
the senator from Missouri asked me a question to it.
Whether or not I had had these documents examined,
by Dr. M. Beckberg,
or compared them with the pie-bratters
in the Office of Senators, McCartney.
Mr. Chairman will remember that he is present.
Several weeks ago, when I was investigating this case,
and perhaps even before I started to engage in studies,
I, the assistant,
to the director of Federal Bureau of Investigation,
whether or not such an investigation,
as was suggested by Senator Sammingson,
with being feasible, our revealing.
And I was given an answer in the negative.
And that question and those answers were given
in the office of the chairman of this deputy,
and in the presence of the chairman.
And I hope that's the chairman of the organization.
And it was for that one of our first-place reasons,
and I'm going to order, please,
that I have not other things.
I'll be documents for each person.
In the first place, I was asked to counsel,
just correct, his statement that I suggested
such an investigation.
I did not.
I simply asked what a such an investigation has been made.
You're right, thanks very much, Mr. Jenkins.
The second point is, I did not ask,
because I do not know whether the investigation
was respected as he, who had the length of time,
and it's been written or anything of that character,
which presumably the council based away,
he put the question we're talking about.
I simply asked the council whether or not,
my distinguished friend, Dennis B,
whether or not, because,
his visit just goes very frankly fair,
and he was very busy.
He didn't know what my co-outage he might have used.
He didn't know what my co-outage was ever death.
Yeah.